Proof-read the names (tedious...)

Combine to single script
Merge dict's, put in dict.pl
Move to scripts directory
Read from right directories

To fix (check all complete discards)
------
aplo12		Lieselotte Appel
marychang	Mary Y Appel
englefjes	Bente M. Ask
frb123		Roy Bridge
patybridge	Pat Bridge
mobrignow	Mike Bridge
stuart76	Stuart Bridge
bones36		Charlotte Bridge
smxfoxterr	Lou Capp
kyumikr		Emerald Cho
sillafu		Benito Garozzo
benitozzo	Silvana Garozzo
sercowy		Jack Heart
reginaheart	Regina Heart
oizyz		Adam Hey
adelba		Tony Jump
ralc8		Matt Just
justmatt17	Matthew Just
kcsuez		Sue Minor
ma57er		Christian Peace
agnes1903	Mary Queen
shannin		Mary Queen
jimqueen	James Queen
tkqueen		Kevin Queen
pludog		Frank C Queen
150honours	Kyle R. Splinter
futurerist	Mary Splinter
msuit		Michael Suit
